ack: add regex, single file search examples (#4007)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ack.md

`ack -cl {{foo}}`

> - Search file "my_file" for string "foo bar":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search a file for a string "bar":
```

Reviewer 2: What about this?
```suggestion
- Search a file for a specified string:
```

> `ack bar "{{foo bar}}" {{my_file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ack bar "{{bar}}" {{path/to/file}}`
```

Author: I wanted to show a multi-word string in this example.

Reviewer 3: > I wanted to show a multi-word string in this example.

You want to use `ack` to seach `foo` or `bar` patterns in the file? If so I think you can do this

```suggestion
`ack "{{foo | bar}}" {{path/to/file}}`
```

Reviewer 2: I think what @cam8001 means is that they wanted to show specifically an example with a space in it here.

> - Search file "my_file" for regex pattern "[bB]ar \d+":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search a file for regex pattern "[bB]ar \d+":
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Search a file for a specified regex pattern:
```

> `ack bar "{{[bB]ar \d+}}" {{my_file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ack bar "{{[bB]ar \d+}}" {{path/to/file}}`
```
